# Other outputs

In addition to the default native HTML output, Documenter can also generate output in other formats.

## Markdown & MkDocs

One

!!! info
    This used to be the default option.

### The MkDocs `mkdocs.yml` File

We'll be using [MkDocs](https://www.mkdocs.org) to convert the markdown files generated by
Documenter to HTML. (This, of course, is not the only option you have for this step. Any
markdown to HTML converter should work fine with some amount of setting up.)

Add an `mkdocs.yml` file to your `docs/` directory with the following content:

```yaml
site_name:        PACKAGE_NAME.jl
repo_url:         https://github.com/USER_NAME/PACKAGE_NAME.jl
site_description: Description...
site_author:      USER_NAME

theme: readthedocs

extra_css:
  - assets/Documenter.css

extra_javascript:
  - https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/mathjax/2.7.1/MathJax.js?config=TeX-AMS_HTML
  - assets/mathjaxhelper.js

markdown_extensions:
  - extra
  - tables
  - fenced_code
  - mdx_math

docs_dir: 'build'

pages:
  - Home: index.md
```

This is only a basic skeleton. Read through the MkDocs documentation if you would like to
know more about the available settings.

You should also add the `docs/site/` directory into your `.gitignore` file.
It should contain

```
docs/build/
docs/site/
```


### ``\LaTeX``: MkDocs and MathJax

To get MkDocs to display ``\LaTeX`` equations correctly we need to update several of this
configuration files described in the [Package Guide](@ref).

`docs/make.jl` should add the `python-markdown-math` dependency to allow for equations to
be rendered correctly.

```julia
# ...

deploydocs(
    deps = Deps.pip("pygments", "mkdocs", "python-markdown-math"),
    # ...
)
```

This package should also be installed locally so that you can preview the generated
documentation prior to pushing new commits to a repository.

```sh
$ pip install python-markdown-math
```

The `docs/mkdocs.yml` file must add the `python-markdown-math` extension, called `mdx_math`,
as well as two MathJax JavaScript files:

```yaml
# ...
markdown_extensions:
  - mdx_math
  # ...

extra_javascript:
  - https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/mathjax/2.7.1/MathJax.js?config=TeX-AMS_HTML
  - assets/mathjaxhelper.js
# ...
```

**Final Remarks**

Following this guide and adding the necessary changes to the configuration files should
enable properly rendered mathematical equations within your documentation both locally and
when built and deployed using the Travis built service.


## LaTeX

By setting

!!! warning

    The LaTeX output will be removed in future versions of Documenter.
    Automatic documentation deployments should not rely on it unless they fix
    Documenter to a minor version.

* You need `pdflatex` command to be installed and available to Documenter.
* You need the [minted](https://ctan.org/pkg/minted) LaTeX package and its backend source highlighter [Pygments](http://pygments.org/) installed.
